Yes Yes
Hmm
I do not have
Yes Well is the difference Hello curve Nissan gt r nismo of
I would like to test drive a prototype. The maximum output is 600 hp maximum torque 65.2.
I do the power up torque up to the kilo and impression of that around
I think I want to taste well
me
Ah ah ah ah
terusan
The impression is that the feel of the operation system is very soft.
Fu that rather wonder if the previous getting better Tanja is not in the I ride reverse is than normal
It feels good to be replaced by my mother who wants to test drive on public roads
The ride has been so far
It was there but this area has been removed quite firmly
It is also said that the match is mature in Maru's words
Osha is the sound round cage taste of even indeed literally but had have been realized immediately
a I understand I'm running on a highway
I messed up 9 now finally
What really surprised that little bit is that there is a saloon route taste
If it compares again, it is nails Benz's
Bumble say hey ride
It became good at the time of one Assyria No wonder really changed it was great ok 爺
also to Fu say Aichi r ah ah wildebeest in the not say say that tr laughs'll we do? ia
Do you think
Well, it's nice to put 600 in power transfer with nismo Nismo
There is a feeling to say because it became early but at the same time
nismo much is that I think we are moving supple than the previous machine gun's
I taste something like are increasingly popular
It feels like you 've been
Great
It felt good to boooh and it thinks that it thinks that the cherry blossoms this time intertech changed
It was because debit gt r Arthur who has changed to Thus Well then Otani Nun'nu
Put in j
So you about five decorative bill also compared the You're luxury models very much for Hashiro load the
It is than even ze and at the same time a 2 corners are in questioning the kind of air also
A I it is also growing fast car to true
Not only fast
I can talk about things like feet and so on
I felt like I reached the territory
If you think so , there is the end of this year 's 2014
It's quite a big step and I showed growth
I felt like it would come out too
Hmm
war
voodoo
can you do